Update signing-macos.md (#494)
codemagic-ci-cd/codemagic-docs: content/yaml-code-signing/signing-macos.md

### Saving the API key to environment variables

Save the API key and the related information in the **Environment variables** section of the Codemagic UI and click **Secure**. Add the group in the **codemagic.yaml** as follows:

```yaml
environment:
  groups:
    - appstore_key_properties
    

>   #Add the above mentioned group environment variables in Codemagic UI (either in Application/Team variables): 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Add the following environment variables in the Codemagic UI (either in Application or in Team variables): 
```

- `APP_STORE_CONNECT_PRIVATE_KEY`

>   This is the private API key downloaded from App Store Connect. On macOS, you can use `pbcopy < AuthKey_XXXXXX.p8` to copy.

Reviewer: is there a part of instructions missing here?

Author: no, I think it getting repeated over and over again to secure the variables. It is already mentioned above.

## Provide signing files manually

> In order to use manual code signing, Save your **signing certificate**, the **certificate password** (if the certificate is password-protected) and the **provisioning profile** in the **Environment variables** section in Codemagic UI. Select **Secure** to encrypt the values. Note that binary files (i.e. provisioning profiles & .p12 certificate) have to be [`base64 encoded`](../variables/environment-variable-groups/#storing-sensitive-valuesfiles) locally before they can be saved to **Environment variables** and decoded during the build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use manual code signing, save your **signing certificate**, the **certificate password** (if the certificate is password-protected) and the **provisioning profile** in the **Environment variables** section in Codemagic UI. Select **Secure** to encrypt the values. Note that binary files (i.e. provisioning profiles & .p12 certificate) have to be [`base64 encoded`](../variables/environment-variable-groups/#storing-sensitive-valuesfiles) locally before they can be saved to **Environment variables** and decoded during the build.
```
